miss
Mom, what's wrong?
What did you say?
You don't tell mom if something so big happens
I still heard what other people in the village told me
I just found out that something happened to you.
Mom is alright
Look at me, isn't it fine?
This time you're lucky
In case something happens
How can you live with this scolding?
Mom, it's alright, even if my brother has something
I will always be with him
Is there such a persuasive person?
Mom, I promise I'll be careful in the future.
Be especially careful
Guaranteed to be healthy and safe in the future
Mom, don't cry
If you cry again, I will cry too
What is this kid doing running so loudly?
Am I not crying with my mother?
Mom, don't cry this time?
Stop crying
If you cry again, won't you flood the house?
It's okay to flood
Let the moon be deep
Build a bigger and better cover
What kind of house do you want? I'll change it now.
Don't listen to Niannian Hu for the rest of your life
What a nice house!
This needs to be re-covered.
I haven't been poked a few times by others
It doesn't matter, as long as you are happy
Mom, I promise you
If I marry Nian Nian, I will never let him be wronged
I know you are good at Nian Nian
I usually see it
Okay, I'm relieved to know you're all right
I should go back too
Mom, it's already noon.
Why don't you stay for a meal and go?
You can talk to Nian Nian again.
I'm going to cook
Mom
Love is indeed a blessed constraint
Such a good man